README.md, before:

<img align="right" width="32%" src="./misc/pilot.png">

devpilot
===

Welcome to DevPilot! DevPilot is your ultimate tool for managing development workflows and projects with ease. Whether you're a solo developer or part of a larger team, DevPilot simplifies project management, task tracking, and workflow automation.

## Features

- **Management**: Create, manage, and organize your projects effortlessly.
- **Tracking**: Keep track of tasks and milestones with an intuitive interface.
- **Automation**: Automate repetitive tasks to save time and increase productivity.
- **Integration**: Seamlessly integrate with popular development tools and platforms.
- **Hostnames**: Manage your hostnames and domains with ease.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Ensure you have [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) installed.
- Install [Git](https://git-scm.com/) for version control.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/bresilla/devpilot.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```sh
    cd devpilot
    ```
3. Build the project:
    ```sh
    cargo build
    ```

### Usage

Run the development server:
  ```sh
  cargo run --help
  ```

or

  ```sh
  dp --help
  ```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community:

1. Create your feature branch:
    ```sh
    git checkout -b feature/feature-name
    ```
2. Commit your changes:
    ```sh
    git commit -am 'Add some feature'
    ```
3. Merge your changes:
    ```sh
    git checkout develop
    git merge feature/feature-name
    ```
4. Push to the branch:
    ```sh
    git push origin feature/feature-name
    ```



## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

<hr>

Commit message:

feat: refactor command line argument handling and add subcommands
- Added the `dp` binary to `Cargo.toml`
- Updated the description in `README.md`
- Added a new file `src/arguments/mod.rs` with utility functions for string formatting
- Updated the `cli` function in `src/arguments/mod.rs` to include a logo and help information
- Added a new file `src/commands/mod.rs` for handling subcommands
- Updated the `main` function in `src/main.rs` to parse command line arguments and call the appropriate command handler

README.md, after:

<img align="right" width="32%" src="./misc/pilot.png">

devpilot
===

devpilot is your ultimate tool for managing development workflows and projects with ease. devpilot simplifies project management, task tracking, and workflow automation, allowing you to focus on what you do best. It is designed to help you manage workflows locally and remotely, with seamless integration with popular development tools and platforms.


[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/bresilla/devpilot)](

## Features

- **Management**: Create, manage, and organize your projects effortlessly.
- **Tracking**: Keep track of tasks and milestones with an intuitive interface.
- **Automation**: Automate repetitive tasks to save time and increase productivity.
- **Integration**: Seamlessly integrate with popular development tools and platforms.
- **Hostnames**: Manage your hostnames and domains with ease.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Ensure you have [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) installed.
- Install [Git](https://git-scm.com/) for version control.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/bresilla/devpilot.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```sh
    cd devpilot
    ```
3. Build the project:
    ```sh
    cargo build
    ```

### Usage

Run the development server:
  ```sh
  cargo run --help
  ```

or

  ```sh
  dp --help
  ```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community:

1. Create your feature branch:
    ```sh
    git checkout -b feature/feature-name
    ```
2. Commit your changes:
    ```sh
    git commit -am 'Add some feature'
    ```
3. Merge your changes:
    ```sh
    git checkout develop
    git merge feature/feature-name
    ```
4. Push to the branch:
    ```sh
    git push origin feature/feature-name
    ```



## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

<hr>
